(birds chirping)
Damn it.
Just watch closely.
(annoyed)
Yeah, but Shuriken Jutsu's
Sarada's specialty, not mine!
I mean, everyone knows that!
She's, you know, an Uchiha!
Well, then... going by your
reasoning...
(startled)
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
...this jutsu should be your
specialty. Is that right, or
not?
(stunned) I guess so...
That was my Dad's specialty,
right?
I won't hear more excuses. He
can make over a thousand Shadow
Clones.
(insulted)
I'll blow them all away during
Round Two!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(sheepish)
You barely managed four!
Who do you think you are?!
Huh? Whattaya mean?
Aren't the four of us enough?
Not exactly.
Look, newbie! Don't be so stuck
up!
What?!
All clones are equal, you know!
No, they're not!
No matter what, I've always
given it my all!
Seriously! A thousand?! All
right, then, I'm just gonna make
ten thousand!
No way!
(shocked)
It's impossible to
make that many!
Yeah, with that attitude
(annoyed)
(sigh)
(curious)
You're late. We've been waiting.
You were both just too early.
Anyway... what did you want?
To tell you I was attacked.
(shocked)
(GAARA) It was on the way to the
Leaf.
(chuckle)
There was a barrier in place...
Oh, yeah! You mean that thing
that was as thin as wet paper?
Are you the one... who attacked
the Eight Tails?
The Eight Tails? Oh! My
superiors were behind that.
I understand that you once had
one inside you, too. Right?
Wasn't it called the One Tail?
(shocked)
Looks like I got you!
(frustrated)
(surprised) Well, that technique
was really quite primitive...
What is it called? "Willpower"
or something? Honestly, it isn't
particularly effective.
Why you...!
Well, guess it doesn't matter.
(SAND NINJA) Lord Kazekage! What
happened?!
Huh?! Who are you?!
Oops.
Oh well! I got what I was
fishing for... I'll see myself
out.
(frustrated)
I'm guessing it was the
Otsutsuki Clan.
The same as Kaguya?
(affirmative)
The scroll that I retrieved from
Kaguya's palace is being
deciphered as we speak.
Somehow, he knew that Shukaku
was no longer inside of me.
I see... Guess we'll have to
postpone the Chunin Exams.
Although... these Exams... are
of enormous significance.
They're co-sponsored by the
Feudal Lords, who were bitter
foes in the past.
Yes. The current climate of
uncertainty's what they're
exploiting.
To postpone the Exams now...
would damage the reputation of
the Hokage and the Land of Fire.
And if that happens, the
hardliners in my village will
also try to exert their own
power... I'd like to avoid
that...
Governing can be so annoying...!
Yet another reason... why we
have to hurry up and decipher
that scroll...
Oh, boy... What a headache... If
only we could be were all the
action is like Sasuke.
Perhaps you're right.
Are you hurt?
You underestimate me I think.
It takes much more to hurt me.
This wound is nothing.
Of course. I understand.
(TENTEN) Round Two is all about
capturing the flag.
Guard your flag while you
infiltrate enemy territory to
get theirs.
In short, this battle is both
offensive and defensive.
Now... it's three on three, so
half the teams will be dropped.
(taken aback)
All right, teams! Get to your
areas!
(TENTEN) Begin!
(rushing off)
(shocked) Can't... move!
(straining)
Well, that's one down...
(attacking roar)
(startled)
(shocked)
Too bad!
Cho-Cho!
I got it!
(blowing bubble)
(throwing)
(scream)
(worried)
Watch out, you guys! So many
jutsu we've never seen...!
(nervous)
(shocked)
Scooped it from right under your
noses!
(disappointed)
(shocked)
We also scooped the pool on
getting the fastest time!
I'm glad i'm here to deliver
the scoop!
(yawn)
(struggling)
Denki! Get it together!
(grunt)
(shocked, hit)
What is... this jutsu?
(fighting)
(straining) We can't let it...
...end here!
(frustrated)
(kicking)
Listen... Please, just don't
disappoint me.
(taken aback)
(punching)
(kicking)
(frustrated)
(fighting)
(heavy breathing) Not yet! I'm
just getting started! (inhale)
No... We're done.
(shocked)
You'd already lost when you let
me provoke you and forgot the
rules.
(shocked) But that is...!
Seems most of the matches are
done already.
There's just...
...one team left.
I don't see the enemy, are we
okay?
(BORUTO) I'm guarding our flag.
Just relax and move in already!
Boruto...
We're counting on you to keep
that flag safe!
(BORUTO) Come on. Who do you
think you're talking to, ya
know?!
If we're going to show Lord
Seventh how strong we are,
we have to make it through
this second round.
(MITSUKI) We're counting on you,
Boruto
(chuckle) Yeah, I know. You
don't have to tell me!
(throwing)
(leaping)
(landing)
(BORUTO) Sorry, triplets!
Your surprise attack didn't
work.
So, it's five against three...
You know who has the edge here,
right?
(confident chuckling)
(shocked)
Who has the edge now?
(nervous)
(TAKANAMI) Wait, I think
I can figure it out, since it's
nine against five.
(BORUTO) Whoa!
(shocked, worried)
(MITSUKI) Don't worry, go!
I'll rejoin you soon!
(punched)
(swinging weapon)
(lamenting) Nine against five
isn't great...
(swinging weapon)
If I only had a thousand...!
(Fighting)
I guess four's really all that
he can make after all...
(worried)
Now, reverse!
(knocked back)
(worried, desperate)
No! Wait!
(nervous)
(frustrated)
No way! I can't lose here!
That's right!
I gotta pass the Chunin Exams to
keep walking down the path to
becoming the Hokage!
Hmmm?
I won't let you!
Water Style Bullet: Orca!
(gasp for air)
(stunned) What...?!
A Water Style this powerful with
no water nearby?! (shocked)
You're done!
(Shocking Yell)
He even knows...
...Lightning Style? (collapsing)
Yes! We're okay!
Boruto! You all right?!
(shocked)
(considering)
(chuckle) Are you seriously
asking me that?
(SARADA) What? You were in
trouble earlier!
Everything's just fine here.
(BORUTO) Sarada, get that flag!
Yeah, I'm on it already.
We did it!
Yes!
(relieved sigh)
I guess we managed somehow...
It was a piece of cake.
You know, Boruto...
You really could become the
Hokage.
That's gonna be me!
(surprised)
(chuckle)
You know, I didn't see him weave
the Water Style sign...
(nervous)
(TENTEN) Yeah , he's good.
(relieved)
Weaving signs too fast to see...
Well, I guess he's the Seventh
Hokage's son, after all!
'K, that makes four teams. We're
done!
He got through again.
It seems he used it this time
around.
Oh! Great! So, he finally used
it... Did you get any footage?
Yes.
(chuckle)
All right! This means Lord
Seventh will finally get to see
how strong we are
in Round Three!
Oh... Yeah!
Sounds great!
(surprised)
(confused)
Hey...
(taken aback) What is it?
Hey...! C'mon...!
Thought so.
(confused)
Thought so...?
It's your eyes...
they're even bluer than the
Seventh's...
Huh?!
(embarrassed)
Really?
They are! I'm sure of it!
You do pay close attention,
don't you?
Yep!
Ask him to show you next time.
Lord Seventh is nice. I'm sure
he wouldn't say no.
(guilty)
(sigh) Oh, come on...!
I can't stand the suspense!
(startled)
Uh,... yes?
(curious) (pleasantly surprised)
I'm impressed.
'Bout what?
About Boruto and his team, of
course. They've cleared Round
Two.
They have?
(sigh) Well, see ya.
(surprised, curious)
Is that all you came to tell me?
Well, yeah. It is important
news.
By the way, Shikadai's team made
it, too.
Round Three's one-on-one combat.
We just might see a showdown
between our sons!
Yes!
(CHO -_CHO) Here, have one of
these...
Oh, thanks!
Sorry you didn't pass...
(BORUTO) Denki!
Huh?
Are you okay, Denki?
Huh? Yeah. Cuz' I've gotten
stronger since I entered the
Academy.
Oh, good. I'm glad.
Hey! Worry about the rest of us,
too!
Oh... sorry!
(chuckle) I'm just
messing with ya.
Looks like you guys won your
match.
Sure did!
Yeah!
Our match was an epic fail. We
got our butts kicked.
At least I did not get nervous!
But... I was useless...
Me, too... I only held everyone
back!
Hey, what's done is done. Don't
sweat it!
I think that we just weren't
ready for actual combat....
That's true... All those jutsu
we'd never seen before...
And unknown enemies. Maybe we
were lucky...
You think so? They do say
fortune favors the bold and the
hungry.
I don't think you have that
right...
Anyway... Don't let us down,
guys!
(METAL) That is right!
(agreeing) We'll be rooting for
you!
(pleased chuckle)
(determined agreeing)
Yeah!
But... don't get carried away...
(chatting)
(BORUTO) I'm home.
Huh?
Hey! Welcome back!
Congratulations, Big Brother!
(chuckle) I just passed Round
Two. It's no big deal, you know!
So, how are you?
Did you get hurt?
Nah, I'm totally fine!
But I'm feeling tired, so I'm
going to my room.
I'm gonna rest until dinner's
ready.
(confused)
Boruto...?
Sorry you came for nothing.
I told them we needed the scroll
deciphered quickly, but it seems
they still need more time.
Okay, I'll come back later.
Sasuke...
I've heard... that you've been
training him.
Did Boruto tell you?
No, Konohamaru did...
I see.
He came to me and asked to be my
student.
So I guess that means you're...
his Teacher.
(chuckle)
Well, maybe you were right after
all...
The soul of a shinobi never
changes.
(chuckle)
...even if times have changed,
huh?
It's true. That's what I
believe.
And Sarada got through, too!
Yeah, what about it?
You could at least try to look a
little happy, you know!
I knew right from the start that
she would, so what's there to
celebrate?
(chuckle)
This thing really is amazing...
As long as I have this...
(curious)
(curious) Is it dinner time?
What is it?
(shocked)
Dad, what-?! (shocked, worried)
Hey!
(uncomfortable chuckle)
So, uh... so, yeah...
I mean... how about... those
Chunin Exams, huh?
I heard...
Uh...
you passed the Second Round.
Huh...?
Y-Yeah...
(disappointed)
Dad?
If it's nothing, then can you
just go?
You..
You did just great.
(shocked)
Well, see you later.
You came up just to say that?
Well, yeah...
It... It's important, you know?
Actually...
It's... It's the most important
thing...
Oh! Also...
Yeah?
Do not lose to Shikadai!
(taken aback)
Like I'd lose!
(inhale)
I'll be watching.
(stunned)
See ya!
He could've just emailed me to
say that...
(chuckle)
Stupid old man.
(weary sigh)
(shocked)
(comically frustrated)
(chuckle)
(BORUTO) All right! Well, from
this point on, everyone's an
enemy!
(SHIKADAI) I wanna fight you
guys, so don't lose too fast,
okay?!
(SARADA) Shinki seems like he
has some serious strength!
I have a feeling that we aren't
going to be defeating anyone
all that easily...
(BORUTO) Come on, let's show
them the Leaf's true strength!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Tournament
Begins!"
We're gonna win this!